---
date: 2024-05-08T05:36
tags:
  - Daily
cssclasses:
  - daily
  - wednesday
---
# DAILY NOTE
## Wednesday, May 8th, 2024
***
### Journal
#### TIME
Good morning world! What a day... 1st day of my Polyphasic E2 sleep shedule. Did went to sleep around 1 and got up at around 2.30, then finally around 4.30. 2 REM :BoBxsHappyHeartEyes:
Questions and adrenaline rush when i went to sleep at around 11. 
Whew... Some of the questions asked was:
1. Did i really want Hospitality or was it to make some quick money? 
2. Why did u want an iPhone os and not continue in the Android os? 
3. Did u really need an iPad and what are ur use case? 
4. Why are you’re being so indecisive? 
5. Got a few insights about what. once i started a few narrations, then my emotions started to set in and 
6. A sudden Mhb incident came to my thinking, Krishna would be telling Karnan that you not even realised the power within you which you could have used for the good of this Akilam. But you without realising it, sided with your frnd for your own personal reasons. 
7. So if i am ever lost in what i want to do, realise the magical power i possess, that I am the Son of GOD, and let me put this power to good use for the many here. 
8. Start Narrating and Grow. 

> [!NOTE]
> Oh infinite spirit, open the way for great abundance. I am an 
> irresistible magnet for all that belongs to me by divine right. 
> 

Show me my perfect house that belongs to me by divine right. Let me start packing. 
  

***
### Tasks
- [ ] DXB investment - Chintu 
- [x] Meet Hari, spoke to him and next POA discussed. 
- [x] Story narrate 
- [x] iPhone change -not happening
- [ ] Inform K about the inlingua expense 
- [x] Ask Divine for the perfect house that belongs to you by divine right. 
- [ ] Start packing things and prepare. 
- [ ] Submit AMG Ventura bills. 
- [ ] Prepare inlingua bills 
- [x] Axis bank cheque book request. 
- [x] Sundaram finance cheque deposit. 
- [x] Story story story, started reading hitchhiker guide to the galaxy and the story is intriguing... 
- [ ] Write why do you want to play rimworld? 
- [x] iCloud la placed the Obsidian foder.. we’ll see.. 