---
date: 2024-05-22T12:58
tags:
  - Daily
cssclasses:
  - daily
  - wednesday
---
# DAILY NOTE
## Wednesday, May 22nd, 2024
***
### Intention & Wins
- [[Identity Shifting]]
- Not experiencing fear or pain, rather experience the protection of GOD. 
- Using this pain / fear and
-[ ]  Rest & Rejuvinate - Thinking will into dynamic will. 

***
### Daily Journal
##### 13:11

Wow! Feels so good to pour down or dump the rage and running thoughts (that serve no purpose / living in the past n future). 
Transmute that rage or fear to Action. 
how do you shift? 
- What we want?
	I want to experience freedom without fear and be happy meeting new ppl and taking up new projects that impacting many lives.
- Why we want? 
	It’s an intuitional feeling that I was born to provide and take responsibility of many. Also it challenges my abilities and make me competitive. It puts me in situations where I feel inspired to do such things. 
- Who would I be ? 
	Inspired person, doing things that only inspires me. Taking responsibility & feeling empowered by doing so. 
- How would he feel? 
	Inspiration, Responsible, Competitive, Positive, Love, Grateful.  
- What does he wear? 
	Colourful, 
- What’s his environment like? 
	Cool, aesthetic, pleasant, earthy, green. 
- What are some principles he has? 
	Whatever happens be calm, serene and always in command of thyself. 
 
🙏Oh Infinite Spirit, the 33 cents at MKP. You know the details. Give me that property if it belongs to me by divine right. Else send the equivalent. Under Grace, in Perfect Ways. 

🏀 I demand more from my self every single day excellence from myself than anyone else can ever ask from me. I don’t compete with other ppl, i compete with myself. 

🐍I chase exellence and perfection, knowing that I will never attain
But the mere fact that i;m pursuing them will almost beat my opponents because  many will never chase something that doesn’t have guarantees attached to them. 

[[Law of Abundance]] is the best law

***
### Bullet Journal
- [x] Land Matter 
	- Hi ka. Praveen came home and told that the Karamadai guy is showing this property to some guy and that he has quoted a total price of 1.2 Cr only.
- [ ] Weekly calendar
- [ ] Law of Abundance 

***
### Gratitude Journal
- Family 
- Spiritual knowledge 
- Feeling of Abundance 
- Knowing what i’m doing is right - intuition 
- Getting into that zone
- 