---
date: 2025-01-28T12:11
tags: [Daily]
cssclasses: [daily, Tuesday]
---
# DAILY NOTE
### *Tuesday, January 28th, 2025*

## Crash & Burn

[[CK3]] - what a day! Phew after a long sesison of studying the game mechanics last week from both CK2 and CK3, made me hate the game n uninstall it , because of the steep learngig curve and me alwyas losing the game. 

Finally, after learning much of the mechanics, I put my sword into practice :p 
I played as Chola king who started with a conqueror trait and had large piety and good gold. 
I'll note down the things i learned and the things that made me win this .. 
Learnt: 
* To always prioritise your vassals and their liking about you, else we push to  crown authority. 
* Wait for the Military units to fully replenish and wage war. 
* Look into the other ruler's if they're attacking or defending some other wars. 
* War score - 50% from fighting , the other from sieging.  
* Subjugate wars can be waged once in a lifetime... so be careful and plan accordingly. 
* Patience is everything. 
* Watch around what's happening in the larger realm. 
* Try to vassalize first before waging war. 
* The castes have round fortification around them 
* Beware of your holdings , hold up to your limit before giving it out to your vassals. 
* Vassals and their contract cannot be changed frequently, so be aware of what you're changing. 
* Onec you wage war on another county, you enter truce with the other ruler for 5 yrs
* Alliances can be made in the last minute only if necessary, else the partition becomes a mess. 
* Learn about the succession rules in CK3 - from my understanding the if you have 3 heirs and if the succession rule is agnatic pragmatic or confederate male succession, or the designated one gets most of it annd the rest (2) others get to form the duchies or slip away into baronies that affect your income. 
* Before initiaing a war, look out for the dutchy claims as it would be much easier than fabricating claims and then going for war. 
	* Eg - The kingdom of Tamilakam requires only 6 counties and then you can press the de jure claim on the Cheras. 
* Look out for the bigger picture and then zoom into your realm .
* Undertsand the FAITH of your poplus and work your purohit accordingly - pastorize him or make him convert to your faith, as it is easier to rule over multi culture than multi faith , having hybrid is good too   
* Look out for Waging wars for Holy Wars, you can get holy order warriors and use them when required. 
* Don't forget to chekc for the claims of the land you're planning to conquer. 
* You can grant Vassals to your liege and increase their opinion on you. 
* 
* ALWAYS remember to play it like an RPG, a role playing game rather than a mission or goal oriented, have fun basically. 
For more tips - [[CK3 Notes]]


Always ask yourself? - What is the goal? 
Once you figured out your goal, then weigh your tonnage against it. 

Hard choices, easy life 

Look out your X page and implement those in real life principles. 


| Sessions | Description |
| :------: | ----------- |
|    1     |             |
|    2     |             |
|    3     |             |
|    4     |             |
|    5     |             |
|    6     |             |
|    7     |             |
|    8     |             |
