---
date: 2024-10-06T01:15
tags:
  - nietzsche
  - literature
source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q2Xj5Pt9OWA&t=16s
cssclasses:
---
What is Bad / Evil? 
Anything that stems from WEAKNESS 

1. Weakness, Strength and Truth 
Rather than facing the harsh reality that his will has been THWARTED and dealing with that, the narrator is lying to himself to try to ease the pain. 
In Genealogy of Morals, Nietzsche says that when ppl are unable to achieve what they want,(power or claim or love or independence) they tend to demonize them. 
This resentful use of Morality is why Nietzsche sometimes calls himself an Immoralist. 

[[hedonist]] is what some would claim him to be. 
[[disorganised wills]] - it makes us very difficult to act decisively. 

> [!NOTE]
> If you cannot make commitment to actions , then almost by definition you’ll be very unlikely to do much to attain your desires and at the extreme end you may fall into a [[Passive Nihilism]], since there are no organizing principles to your decisions or your life. - Nietzsche

The less spoken aspect about Nietzsche philosophy is his ideas about [[Commitment]]
The Child - in the final stage of [[Ubermensch]] in Thus Spoke Zarathustra is the ability to [[Create Values for Himself]]. 

Nietzsche thinks all of us secretly desire POWER.

> [!NOTE]
> Organised will is required to overcome Nihilism
All facets of our will pointing to a single direction.

> [!important] 
> He thought that it is very difficult for a given person to lead a meaningful life, without their will both strong and in their control.  


> [!important] 
> Without powerful and organized will , we will be pushed towards Nihilism and rejection of life. 
> 

### 3. The Dark Side of Pity 

controversial take - Nietzsche had negative views on Pity. 

1/ Dishonesty 
2/ Terrible dynamic for everyone involved. 

He draws a distinction between this and [[Magnanimity]]. 

> [!NOTE]
> The pitier encourages the pitiful person to rely on them, and so implicitly limits the other person’s development. 

### 4. Life Denial, philosophy and the Origins of ideas
This is where we encounter a fascinating aspect of his philosophy - [[AMOR FATI]]
 Jesus displayed an incredible level of Self Mastery, Anti Resentment and a touch of Amor Fati even as he was being whipped within an inch of his life. 

> [!NOTE]
> He saw the denial of our basest & deepest instincts as robbing us of the primal natural urge we had to survive and wrestle with life. 


Weaponired Morality and Denial of Life - Worst philosophy


