---
date: 2025-02-24T16:48
tags:
  - biotech
  - business
  - work
source: https://masschallenge.org/articles/trends-in-biotechnology/
cssclasses:
---
[[cbe biotech companies]]

biotech is the field which implements biomolecular and cellular processes in creation of healthcare, food and fuel products .

Three primary sectors of biotech:
1. Biotech in Medicine 
2. Industry 
3. Agriculture 
#### Biotech in Medicine

[Pharmaceuticals](https://masschallenge.org/article/pharma-healthtech-trends), therapies, genetics, and clinical research are all examples of medicinal biotech applications. These fields use nature’s organic “toolbox” to improve health outcomes for people. For example, there are now more than [250 biotechnology](https://www.bio.org/what-biotechnology) health care products available for previously untreatable conditions. Biotech in medicine can:

- Reduce infectious disease rates
- Change the probabilities of life-threatening conditions emerging for people around the world
- Create treatments specific to the individual to minimize health risk
- Help those with illnesses in the developing world

#### Biotech in Industry

Biofuels, paper, and chemicals are all examples of biotech used in industry. By utilizing biological processes, the energy and manufacturing sectors can leverage yeast, enzymes, microbes, and other biocatalysts to manufacture microscopic solutions. Biotech involves using these biocatalysts to:

- Improve chemical manufacturing efficiency
- Lower the cost of cleaning clothes through temperature reductions
- Save money on manufacturing operation costs
- Minimize industry reliance on petrochemicals
- Reduce greenhouse gases via the use of biofuels
- Lower water usage and waste

#### Biotech in Agriculture

Sustainable farming and crop insect-resistance are examples of biotech in agriculture. These applications rely on existing microorganisms to modify and enhance agricultural products, making them safer and more efficient to produce.

Worldwide, biotech in agriculture is anticipated to grow by [$25.3 billion](https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20210127005775/en/Agricultural-Biotechnology-Market-Research-2021-2025-9.87-Year-Over-Year-Growth-Rate-for-2021-Technavio) between 2021 and 2025. Agricultural biotech can help:

- Produce more crop yield with fewer resources
- Aid the environment by reducing the chemicals and runoff from crop production
- Create more resilient crops without the use of pesticides
- Alleviate vitamin and nutritional deficiencies to improve crops
- Alter the oil content in food to reduce heart health risks
- Create food without mycotoxins or allergens

New biotech innovations arise every day, and the industry will continue to grow as humans seek to surpass biological challenges with specific research-based solutions.




---

#### North: Where does this idea come from? 
#### East: What competes with this idea? 
#### West: What are the similar / supporting ideas? 
#### South: Where does this idea lead to?


